it's good night friends June 20th Thursday 7 pm
I just landed here from the Ribeira Valley in São Paulo posing from Brasilia
arrived at the last minute here consequence I'm only with them before the
my side has a navy so I'll have to put up with myself for 10 minutes
so personal here is to reach the network here drinking to congratulate morhan for
mp of the sale of real estate was a provisional measure so that
the sale of this material is more agile and a resource used so that to combat
organized crime itself but mp allows us to hire engineers
to build prisons something that is expensive right hiring staff
here so let's hire some money on the traffic itself congratulations
again to sergio moro and congratulations to the ride because really more and more
he controls that the myth of Brazil is worthy of being there
his posture in the past and the present is exceptional and I thank god for having
in our government she remains on the team on Tuesday is the night we will leave
for japan we take into account the side of the g20
and we will also have a meeting reserved the Japanese Prime Minister and we will
deepen what he had said four years ago for him I thought an agreement
so that they can jointly explore biodiversity in the region
no one wants to destroy the amazon no
fell when talking about the amazon is working that starts the other either in the
nova fell on that live
here it has
mann so i talked about the g20 we intend to have a reserved bilateral with the first
Japanese the position of biodiversity, who knows together in bursting there
to that in the amazon nobody wants his amazon from his sister and
coincidentally today flying from sao paulo to the ribeira valley is the
paulista should give me 189 straight 960 out there look there is an immensity of the forest it seems
until it’s in the amazon this is talking to an ox to sleep that the
Brazil is over in the Amazon, it's just an advertisement against us what they want
really out there and some traitors in here they want is
to make the amazon internationalized as long as it is
the president can be sure that it won't be japan
bnds go into detail is we are not having transparency from the drug bnds today
here and see that he resigned last week came the young man from montesano 39
years is an economist it looks like it's a shame because it looks like i'm sure
that the first time that the economist will take over this bank and obviously everything
agreed and will be fulfilled with this transparency among other things in the brb
df will work again and only for government control to outline the profile
of those 300 pt bbb 10 was also assaulted a little
more than 400 billion reais your money went to dictatorships another right to do
port there on how to act with bolivia in euro for cristina's argentina
kichner money for angola is money for friends of the king like there j & j ps and the
personal interest down there 4 5% while the Selic was practically a little bit more
double that in that then by friends obey used to
dictatorships and for friends this will all be in the first weeks
is placed so that you know what was done with yours
last year so this baby theft from this same people from the book squid that
he was unjustly condemned has this whole collection of this prom's ball
safa is another thing i'm going to toss the bag overtook it with no point
when people fall, they invented a business in the government and talking about the bolsonaro is where
said this or that and put it like a micro 90
nobody says anything in the press i'll believe the 100 thousand points here to my
friend general ramos who is coming to take over the government secretariat to the face
started with the right foot the infant started with the right foot here
in brasil we all believe in his ability even for his past life
with regard to politics he was a parliamentary advisor for two
years he was attaché is israel now still commands the
Southeast military command a person dear to everyone and I'm sure that
will improve and a lot is this dialogue with parliament is done by our
dear general ramos who takes advantage of that since the press likes to talk it is mine
friend since 1973 when we sat in the square on March 8 of that year at school
preparation of army cadets in campinas campinas the city which I
I'm registered is a hug to all campinas
a hug and we honor you at the beginning of next month we will be there for you
of command for who will succeed him obviously in this important command
military southeastern sao paulo
come on a question quickly here we have a bill that deals with the
of the traffic code, right and among other things we want
the driver's license expires from five to ten years and we there in the
project we are ending the monopoly of the DMV
the southern concession of the health certificate that first 300 reais and even more the
our our minister of infrastructure the tarcíso together with the contran has already ended with
the compulsory nature of simulators, so more or less 380 driver's licenses
once the chamber approved that bill i hope the senate bed itself is
it will be cheaper at $ 600 on your driver's license I don't know who
attack but the people have to go to the governor also governor
has a share in this high price of its national driver's license is not
only the federal government is not doing our part to take something important
the senate just days away from a red card at
our arms ceiling to those who decreed that he spoke of possession of a firearm and also
of the cacti so look, I believe that the chamber
will reverse this situation Tuesday or Wednesday the chamber must vote this
question and you should seek your federal deputy
before someone says that I'm interfering in the legislature makes it clear
which is common when a bill is passed in the senate and comes to
my table is common in attending deputy and senator looking for me to
that there was a device then it is common to happen there is natural does
part of democracy and I for my part now am also asking that the
federal deputies do not accept what was decided by the senate
this is democracy and I am asking you as a voter the citizen who seeks your
federal time will also ask that he is not
welcome do not vote in favor of the Senate tav bill that votes for
maintenance of the weapons decree the argument has much that has less if
talked about there is about constitutionality there is nothing conventional
people say it’s emotional explains why it’s actually part of parliament
which is natural and always has both sides I will rarely ever have unanimity
want you to have no right to own a firearm and in some cases with
criteria the firearm possession also then you who are in the field for example
you who are the farmer are a besieger of the midwest our dear goiás still
the loaded one is tocantins mato grosso do sul the gauchada catarinense right
I only have the interior of the northeast, there is also a lot of work there is the
our friends brothers cover of the plague right who doesn’t have whole using northeast
I via decree legally comes the rural size for you that I can steal from you
has possession of a firearm is the troop chairs the house our credit you
you can ride your horse is yours a donkey and walk around doing it armed then
that period the farm belongs to you now who's against it i mst
is the pt and pc do b who are friends of the mst
Okay, so you have to ask the parliamentarian from any region of Brazil
who keeps our secret you so street is rural woman owner of the countryside
you don’t even want to be allergic to femicide there to show it to everyone
worthwhile world was difficult is welcome is when she no longer between one
piece of paper and a gun inside your property that is yours
private property is sacred you have the right to walk
loved to the fullest extent with the possession of a firearm afloat is is just the
same thing that I had possession of a firearm I could use is in the bedroom and
in the bathroom I can't miss this one in the kitchen and the pantry
then we have the possession of a firearm or rather the possession of a firearm to
all the property there in the senate overthrow the senate is over
the subject isn’t touched on, the camera now turns against what was decided by the Senate
you country man you country woman will be able to walk armed or armed throughout
the extent of your property I will not look for the parliamentary
i'm sure the deputies chamber hearing the voice of the people will keep our
decree of possession and possession of a firearm but it is still only the cac
you who are a collector and sniper who so lobbied me
when I was a pre-candidate after a candidate and at the beginning of the year I also do the same
thing with your federal deputy or through santa catarina eyes for example the
state that has more club shooting and not coincidentally is the least violent state
from Brazil they were has less allowing has
less possession and possession of a firearm is the most violent state and only says here
our research, right, even their research, which usually gives a smack
call here or there but still can't do it or everything stops
completely the truth you citizens and was entitled to buy 50 cartridges per
year 50 the number who fixes executive power I fixed a thousand
what's the problem nowadays the band is very well armed better
armament and much more when the demolition that can even the government
we want to give you the right to self-defense with this decree
we are respecting reference 2005 we respect the right to legitimate
defense then you look for your deputy
why the vote must be on Tuesday or Wednesday for them to vote against the
of deciding in the senate so that you can't have a fiery one and you know that
happened after the vote in the senate and us with new parliamentarians was the
senator was placed in public, you know, the information I had that two
senators were attacked social media and asking that it is to bed
armed protection look at him for that nec who voted against and then he saw himself
threatened on the internet asking for protection from you that has no outline ask for
armed protection the government will manage like inside your home
to end the matter here we will work in that sense i'm sure
that the deputy chamber will reverse this vote in the senate that after all the
the will of our population is that we have to prevail in this legislative note
political executive power we are also employed by the people and the thing of violence
which are very expensive in Brazil and I'm sure that our federal deputies
will vote correctly according to the interest of our population
finishing we approved a credit line of one billion reais last week with
interest below 10% per year for the holy house
we owe a lot to the holy house i owe my life to the holy judge house outside on a
first moment first goodbye obviously year later the holy house of
out after the virtual hospital there in are
Paulo who treated me to that stab of Adélia, who is now crazy now
because the game he goes crazy because from now on logical has resource
this part is expensive trying to hit the lawyer and
cover it - do it for free and that's all you need to get into the winning plea
no longer worth it because he is crazy and he was affiliated with psol until 2014 but it is still
to have a bank of expensive lawyers that the kill who works for until now
where there’s a lot of nebulous stuff, it’s a lot
thing that can be solved now is this in wanting that little by ourselves
here admit that adele is crazy look until he is hired by someone
I wasn't crazy until then, the name that
appeared well in the deputies bed the same thing if he manages to escape the attack
not even coming from outside, right, and if someone in the front was suspicious
of his name no he told me he wasn’t in brasília taking my name is
there I was on guard there in the Chamber of Deputies and even more
look for judicial determination we are prohibited right we not the police
federal government to enter the telephone in January by court decision supported by oab
that Brazil is this my god of the sky where we are and who doesn’t want to reveal
attempted murder of this old man this case of mine is very similar to the
case celso daniel that nine people who from the poor waiter who served food
that night until the other person or a doctor who found the body all died
or they were murdered in a mysterious way almost the same thing happened
with me but if god wants the federal police our will have to give this big
great great network that tried today
then we went to the golden state of São Paulo to post a video that I made a
public address not more than a minute 50
then it's worth the heart I missed this contact with the people
talking with the hearts of the people in the public square on top of the square's bench
it's worth it I apologize here i think is to do politics 6
here in the presidency and being treated this way by the population is priceless
this human warmth and the trust that the people place in us
if god wants with the approval of the new investment pension and not here the
employment will also appear violence will decrease we have everything to work
let's have faith is trust i'm sure the parliament and senate parliament
is voted in favor of pension reform because it is not my retirement
of social security in brazil after ronaldo went to miracatu as well
before the golden over we go there in the region in the region of the taquari bar a
Paraguay Indian reservation saw him and Indians of the
paraguay says the genetically emerald mental chart and others
other minerals so it’s not for nothing that these reserves
more and more appear here in Brazil and now appear with this wealth in the region
called ribeira valley and which is actually considered to be the poorest são paulo
that the economy basically banana so I here at this moment thank you
tereza christina saminez culture and baby the golden paulista that we work
our possession since before, so that that normative instruction that allows the
Brazil mattered not from Ecuador was repealed
how can there be some what kind I should be liberal but how can I
understand liberality one thing is that a banana can leave the equator
orchard past the channel of the equator for more than pakistan panama walks 10 thousand
kilometers and arrive at the port of santos climb the mountain and arrive at the ceagesp de
more competitive than that of the ribeira valley that is 140
kilometers [Music]
by all indications it was another one of those articulations of the forum of são
Paulo
and then everything could enter here in Brazil even since the control
phytosanitary is difficult faced said he was going to be in charge of the equator the
ours could be importing the morro da baiana to the black sigatoka between
other diseases that exist, right, it’s in this region that is hotter because
take possession of the equator so maybe the name ecuador there we were unable to play and
get out of it congratulations a hug is to convey to our minister
congratulations and improvement once you took a prorated week arrived at the hospital
okay better for you to win the job you do after we went
for the miracatu my minister of mines was with me and
energy the bento viewpoint and we fly over the graffiti mountains remember the campaign
personal and then criticized if the graphite amount what
a lot of smart people happened and asked for the floor
problem for us in requesting the lava, it’s no use naked of the graphite of
region if you don't have the technology to separate graphene and look at the
next years we 89 years the world thinks the economy is moving something in
around 1 trillion dollars worth of products from graphene is the only
plan material in the world because the base is the atom in three dimensions not everything in
three dimensions graphene is no wonder graphene already
start to appear around this was discovered in 2004 has 15
years old spelling is not only we have a wonderful research center
there at mackenzie university in são paulo there was that kids made the
huge demonstration there and they let me enter those games is sexist
racist fascist have not passed the tie is our duty is not
contaminated size is with this type of people there we were the
southeastern military command to contact engineers with researchers the
landmarks bridges our minister of science and technology is in contact
we had contact just now a researcher from campinas also who is a
different method of removing graphene from separate graphite is not ideal yet
one more big one more step you took we are studying the possibility of
put a research center there in miracatu
but obviously we have to bear in mind that there is a right to lava if anyone goes there
If you do not have the right to speak, you have to pay a fortune
will have this 114 and Brazil loses with that we will look for a way to
solve that issue 16 14 is the golden one then we went to march
for jesus there in the mars field in são paulo today we learn to use a page
from the field of mars to make a military college
I was invited by the apostle estevam hernandes and by the bishop sônia was
also the john hat is the first black rodrigo santiago
that's right the zebu has a hat on it could be playing the people right he said
don't play I told me this he already has the
cost of caricom went through his head in mine and try even more expensive
but it's okay for those who got japan to make good use of it my friends talk too much
alone thursday next week i will be in japan
I want to see how it is going to make it easy to roll it will be
seven in the morning we will see from here seven at night i will try
do our leads have a problem and put the causes on facebook and then do not
but we will do everything to make a salary next week we will keep
this our routine information directly to all of you why do you
really deserves above all to talk for your apple president
good night thank you very much to all brazil above all god above all
thanks to gift